WORKED EQUILIBRIUM PATH: READING THE FIGURE

Specification: baseline continuous merits, American rule, cost multiplier 1,
ten private signal bins per party, ten offers, and two court findings.
The figure uses equilibrium 1 in the saved CS004 production results. No new
equilibrium was solved. The selected paths and the two source-file SHA256
hashes are in worked-equilibrium-path.json; the editable path specification
remains in ../Supplemental materials/Game tree diagrams/worked equilibrium paths.request.json.

The figure has one main trial path and a neighboring settlement/no-filing
branch. Additional extracted histories supply selected deviations and an
abbreviated neighboring defendant signal, not additional full diagrams.
This is a mechanism illustration, not a claim that either path represents
the population or that the selected equilibrium is unique.

NOTATION

Squares marked C are chance nodes. Circles marked P or D are player decision
nodes. Subscripts reproduce the zero-based information-set IDs in the action
report. Repeated labels and dotted connections denote the SAME information
set, including when the selected history has zero equilibrium probability.
The displayed connections are portions of full information sets, which also
contain omitted histories. In particular, drawing one offer first does not
make it observable to the other player. Exit commitments are also simultaneous
and take effect only if the offers fail to settle.

Solid branches are actions or chance events with positive probability along
the selected histories; thicker branches emphasize the main path. Dashed
branches leave player information sets through zero-probability actions.
A solid continuation after a dashed deviation does not turn the complete
deviation history into a positive-probability history. Dotted lines connect
information sets and are not branches. Ellipses omit alternatives or their
continuations; no probabilities are renormalized over what is drawn.

A and B match the entry histories to the next strip. T and the return arrow
carry failed settlement to the explicit court lottery. These are layout
continuations, not additional decisions or information sets.

p is the conditional probability of the branch. Player probabilities equal
to one are left unlabeled. Chance probabilities are conditional on the full
history up to the chance node: for example, the distribution of D's signal
depends on P's signal. This does not mean that P observes D's signal.
Signal labels .25 and .35 denote the third and fourth bin midpoints, not
exact continuous signal realizations. Continuous merits Q remain integrated
out; Q is not replaced by a discrete state, and a court finding is not true
liability T.

U_P or U_D is the acting player's expected utility from taking that action,
conditional on the player's information set, with the saved strategy profile
used thereafter. It does NOT condition on both displayed private signals.
For this risk-neutral specification, utility is final wealth, with initial
wealth 10 for each player. Thus U=10 is approximately zero expected change
in wealth. The equilibrium solver rounds payoffs and chance probabilities;
the extractor reproduces that numerical convention for action utilities.
Shown probabilities and action utilities are rounded to three decimal places.

Delta w pairs are (plaintiff net monetary payoff, defendant net monetary
payoff): changes in wealth after litigation expenses, in damages units.
They are not final wealth, information-set expected utility, or the article's
net-outcome-fidelity measure. Terminal payoffs use unrounded game accounting
and are shown to two decimal places. At trial each party incurs .15 before
bargaining plus .15 at trial. Settlement avoids the latter .15. There is no
fee shifting in this specification.

THE SELECTED PATHS

Main path: P's signal is .35 and D's is .25. P files, D answers, neither
commits to exit after failed settlement, P demands .75, and D offers .05.
The offers fail to settle. Conditional on these signals, the court finds
liable with probability 0.1866220259883316 and not liable with probability
0.8133779740116683. The net monetary payoffs are respectively (.70, -1.30)
and (-.30, -.30). Before the court draw this history has equilibrium
probability 0.016992239 (approximately 1.699% of initial disputes).

Neighboring path: P's signal is .25 and D's is .25. At P's filing information
set P48, P genuinely mixes: filing probability 0.8782938743410401 and
nonfiling probability 0.12170612565895991. Both actions have reported
conditional utility 10.0000029847. These are probabilities WITHIN that one
information set, not averages across information sets. If P files and D
answers, both offer .05 and settle, yielding (-.10, -.20). The selected
settlement history has equilibrium probability 0.017003593221491344
(approximately 1.700%); the selected no-filing history, including the same
unobserved D signal, has probability 0.0023562061785086567.

The displayed .75 demand is the action selected in this saved equilibrium,
not a uniquely optimal demand. In this profile, all demands above .05 fail
to meet the answering defendants' .05 offers, and multiple such demands have
equal conditional utility. The .05 demand deviation is retained in the extracted
data but omitted from the diagram to reduce clutter. The diagram does not
claim that .75 is better than every omitted demand. This is one
reason not to interpret the illustration as establishing uniqueness.

DATA AND VALIDATION

The extractor reconstructs the production specification, initializes its
tree, loads the saved profile, and checks all 480 action-report rows against
the existing report. A row is one action at one information set, NOT one
path. This whole-game consistency check verifies information-set identities,
probabilities, conditional utilities and off-path status before extracting
the small selection used here. It is not a new equilibrium-existence or
uniqueness test.

For every visited information set, the JSON retains all available actions,
including utilities not printed in this deliberately selective figure. It
distinguishes history reach from information-set reach, flags uniform
fallbacks for all-zero stored strategies, and leaves conditional utilities
null at off-path information sets. Terminal lotteries are obtained by
deterministic replay, without changing the profile used to evaluate actions.

REGENERATION

From ACESim4 (one command):
  dotnet run --project LitigCharts -c Release -- diagrams worked-path --config "<article repository>/article-diagrams.json"

The C# command extracts worked equilibrium paths.json, validates the connections
and branch assumptions, and generates self-contained worked equilibrium path.tex,
then compiles its PDF and PNG. No separate values.tex or template is needed.

Edit the request JSON to change the selected histories. The hand-arranged geometry
lives in LitigCharts/WorkedPathDiagram.cs; numerical bindings and their checks live
in LitigCharts/ArticleWorkedPathLatexData.cs. Edit those C# classes to change the
presentation, not this folder's generated .tex. This is an article-specific
drawing, not a general-purpose tree-layout feature.

Use --sources-only to omit compilation, --compile-only to compile existing .tex
without extraction, and --output-root to put generated files in a review folder.
Use the worked-path-data target for extraction alone. See LitigCharts/README.md
in ACESim4 for all targets. No equilibrium solve or production-setting edit occurs.

If changing the underlying saved profile, also review the numerical example
in this hand-written explanation; the JSON and LaTeX regenerate automatically.
